doc/generated/teamfolder-replication.md, before:

# teamfolder replication 

Replicate a team folder to the other team

# Security

`watermint toolbox` stores credentials into the file system. That is located at below path:

| OS       | Path                                                               |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Windows  | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\secrets` (e.g. C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\secrets) |
| macOS    | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /Users/bob/.toolbox/secrets)        |
| Linux    | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /home/bob/.toolbox/secrets)         |

Please do not share those files to anyone including Dropbox support.
You can delete those files after use if you want to remove it.
If you want to make sure removal of credentials, revoke application access from setting or the admin console.

Please see below help article for more detail:
* Dropbox Business: https://help.dropbox.com/ja-jp/teams-admins/admin/app-integrations

This command use following access type(s) during the operation:
* Dropbox Business File access* Dropbox Business management

# Usage

This document uses the Desktop folder for command example. 

## Run

Windows:

```powershell
cd $HOME\Desktop
.\tbx.exe teamfolder replication 
```

macOS, Linux:

```bash
$HOME/Desktop/tbx teamfolder replication 
```

## Options

| Option      | Description                        | Default   |
|-------------|------------------------------------|-----------|
| `-dst-file` | Destination team; team file access | {default} |
| `-dst-mgmt` | Destination team; team management  | {default} |
| `-name`     | Team folder name                   |           |
| `-src-file` | Source team; team file access      | {default} |
| `-src-mgmt` | Source team; team management       | {default} |

Common options:

| Option         | Description                                                                      | Default              |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `-concurrency` | Maximum concurrency for running operation                                        | Number of processors |
| `-debug`       | Enable debug mode                                                                | false                |
| `-proxy`       | HTTP/HTTPS proxy (hostname:port)                                                 |                      |
| `-quiet`       | Suppress non-error messages, and make output readable by a machine (JSON format) | false                |
| `-secure`      | Do not store tokens into a file                                                  | false                |
| `-workspace`   | Workspace path                                                                   |                      |

## Authentication

For the first run, `toolbox` will ask you an authentication with your Dropbox account. 
Please copy the link and paste it into your browser. Then proceed to authorization.
After authorization, Dropbox will show you an authorization code.
Please copy that code and paste it to the `toolbox`.

```
watermint toolbox xx.x.xxx
© 2016-2019 Takayuki Okazaki
Licensed under open source licenses. Use the `license` command for more detail.

Testing network connection...
Done

1. Visit the URL for the auth dialog:

https://www.dropbox.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx&response_type=code&state=xxxxxxxx

2. Click 'Allow' (you might have to login first):
3. Copy the authorisation code:
Enter the authorisation code
```

## Network configuration: Proxy

The executable automatically detects your proxy configuration from the environment.
However, if you got an error or you want to specify explicitly, please add -proxy option, like -proxy hostname:port.
Currently, the executable doesn't support proxies which require authentication.

# Result

Report file path will be displayed last line of the command line output.
If you missed command line output, please see path below.
[job-id] will be the date/time of the run. Please see the latest job-id.

| OS      | Path                                                                                                      |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Windows | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\jobs\[job-id]\reports` (e.g. C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\jobs\20190909-115959.597\reports) |
| macOS   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports` (e.g. /Users/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports)        |
| Linux   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports` (e.g. /home/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports)         |

## Report: diff 

Report files are generated in `diff.csv`, `diff.xlsx` and `diff.json` format.
In case of a report become large, report in `.xlsx` format will be split into several chunks
like `diff_0000.xlsx`, `diff_0001.xlsx`, `diff_0002.xlsx`...   

| Column     | Description                                                                                                                                                                            |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| diff_type  | Type of difference. `file_content_diff`: different content hash, `{left|right}_file_missing`: left or right file missing, `{left|right}_folder_missing`: left or right folder missing. |
| left_path  | path of left                                                                                                                                                                           |
| left_kind  | folder or file                                                                                                                                                                         |
| left_size  | size of left file                                                                                                                                                                      |
| left_hash  | Content hash of left file                                                                                                                                                              |
| right_path | path of right                                                                                                                                                                          |
| right_kind | folder of file                                                                                                                                                                         |
| right_size | size of right file                                                                                                                                                                     |
| right_hash | Content hash of right file                                                                                                                                                             |

Commit message:

fix #188 : instruction note for macOS catalina

doc/generated/teamfolder-replication.md, after:

# teamfolder replication 

Replicate a team folder to the other team

# Security

`watermint toolbox` stores credentials into the file system. That is located at below path:

| OS       | Path                                                               |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Windows  | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\secrets` (e.g. C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\secrets) |
| macOS    | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /Users/bob/.toolbox/secrets)        |
| Linux    | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /home/bob/.toolbox/secrets)         |

Please do not share those files to anyone including Dropbox support.
You can delete those files after use if you want to remove it.
If you want to make sure removal of credentials, revoke application access from setting or the admin console.

Please see below help article for more detail:
* Dropbox Business: https://help.dropbox.com/ja-jp/teams-admins/admin/app-integrations

This command use following access type(s) during the operation:
* Dropbox Business File access* Dropbox Business management

# Usage

This document uses the Desktop folder for command example. 

## Run

Windows:

```powershell
cd $HOME\Desktop
.\tbx.exe teamfolder replication 
```

macOS, Linux:

```bash
$HOME/Desktop/tbx teamfolder replication 
```

Note for macOS Catalina 10.15 or above: macOS verifies Developer identity.
Currently, `tbx` is not ready for it. Please select "Cancel" on the first dialogue.
Then please proceed "System Preference", then open "Security & Privacy",
select "General" tab. You may find the message like:

> "tbx" was blocked from use because it is not from an identified developer.

And you may find the button "Allow Anyway". Please hit the button with your risk.
At second run, please hit button "Open" on the dialogue.

## Options

| Option      | Description                        | Default   |
|-------------|------------------------------------|-----------|
| `-dst-file` | Destination team; team file access | {default} |
| `-dst-mgmt` | Destination team; team management  | {default} |
| `-name`     | Team folder name                   |           |
| `-src-file` | Source team; team file access      | {default} |
| `-src-mgmt` | Source team; team management       | {default} |

Common options:

| Option         | Description                                                                      | Default              |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `-concurrency` | Maximum concurrency for running operation                                        | Number of processors |
| `-debug`       | Enable debug mode                                                                | false                |
| `-proxy`       | HTTP/HTTPS proxy (hostname:port)                                                 |                      |
| `-quiet`       | Suppress non-error messages, and make output readable by a machine (JSON format) | false                |
| `-secure`      | Do not store tokens into a file                                                  | false                |
| `-workspace`   | Workspace path                                                                   |                      |

## Authentication

For the first run, `toolbox` will ask you an authentication with your Dropbox account. 
Please copy the link and paste it into your browser. Then proceed to authorization.
After authorization, Dropbox will show you an authorization code.
Please copy that code and paste it to the `toolbox`.

```
watermint toolbox xx.x.xxx
© 2016-2019 Takayuki Okazaki
Licensed under open source licenses. Use the `license` command for more detail.

Testing network connection...
Done

1. Visit the URL for the auth dialog:

https://www.dropbox.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx&response_type=code&state=xxxxxxxx

2. Click 'Allow' (you might have to login first):
3. Copy the authorisation code:
Enter the authorisation code
```

## Network configuration: Proxy

The executable automatically detects your proxy configuration from the environment.
However, if you got an error or you want to specify explicitly, please add -proxy option, like -proxy hostname:port.
Currently, the executable doesn't support proxies which require authentication.

# Result

Report file path will be displayed last line of the command line output.
If you missed command line output, please see path below.
[job-id] will be the date/time of the run. Please see the latest job-id.

| OS      | Path                                                                                                      |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Windows | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\jobs\[job-id]\reports` (e.g. C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\jobs\20190909-115959.597\reports) |
| macOS   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports` (e.g. /Users/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports)        |
| Linux   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports` (e.g. /home/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports)         |

## Report: diff 

Report files are generated in `diff.csv`, `diff.xlsx` and `diff.json` format.
In case of a report become large, report in `.xlsx` format will be split into several chunks
like `diff_0000.xlsx`, `diff_0001.xlsx`, `diff_0002.xlsx`...   

| Column     | Description                                                                                                                                                                            |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| diff_type  | Type of difference. `file_content_diff`: different content hash, `{left|right}_file_missing`: left or right file missing, `{left|right}_folder_missing`: left or right folder missing. |
| left_path  | path of left                                                                                                                                                                           |
| left_kind  | folder or file                                                                                                                                                                         |
| left_size  | size of left file                                                                                                                                                                      |
| left_hash  | Content hash of left file                                                                                                                                                              |
| right_path | path of right                                                                                                                                                                          |
| right_kind | folder of file                                                                                                                                                                         |
| right_size | size of right file                                                                                                                                                                     |
| right_hash | Content hash of right file                                                                                                                                                             |
