docs/commands/dropbox-team-backup-device-status.md, before:

---
layout: command
title: Command `dropbox team backup device status`
lang: en
---

# dropbox team backup device status

Dropbox Backup device status change in the specified period 

# Security

`watermint toolbox` stores credentials into the file system. That is located at below path:

| OS      | Path                                                               |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Windows | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\secrets` (e.g. C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\secrets) |
| macOS   | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /Users/bob/.toolbox/secrets)        |
| Linux   | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /home/bob/.toolbox/secrets)         |

Please do not share those files to anyone including Dropbox support.
You can delete those files after use if you want to remove it. If you want to make sure removal of credentials, revoke application access from setting or the admin console.

Please see below help article for more detail:
* Dropbox for teams: https://help.dropbox.com/installs-integrations/third-party/business-api#manage

## Auth scopes

| Description                                                                                              |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Dropbox for teams: View your team's activity log                                                         |
| Dropbox for teams: View your team membership                                                             |
| Dropbox for teams: View your team's sessions, devices, and apps                                          |
| Dropbox for teams: View basic information about your team including names, user count, and team settings |

# Authorization

For the first run, `tbx` will ask you an authentication with your Dropbox account.
Please copy the link and paste it into your browser. Then proceed to authorization. After authorization, Dropbox will show you an authorization code. Please copy that code and paste it to the `tbx`.
```

watermint toolbox xx.x.xxx
==========================

© 2016-2024 Takayuki Okazaki
Licensed under open source licenses. Use the `license` command for more detail.

1. Visit the URL for the auth dialogue:

https://www.dropbox.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx&response_type=code&state=xxxxxxxx

2. Click 'Allow' (you might have to login first):
3. Copy the authorisation code:
Enter the authorisation code
```

# Installation

Please download the pre-compiled binary from [Latest Release](https://github.com/watermint/toolbox/releases/latest). If you are using Windows, please download the zip file like `tbx-xx.x.xxx-win.zip`. Then, extract the archive and place `tbx.exe` on the Desktop folder. 
The watermint toolbox can run from any path in the system if allowed by the system. But the instruction samples are using the Desktop folder. Please replace the path if you placed the binary other than the Desktop folder.

# Usage

This document uses the Desktop folder for command example.

## Run

Windows:
```
cd $HOME\Desktop
.\tbx.exe dropbox team backup device status -start-time "2024-01-01"
```

macOS, Linux:
```
$HOME/Desktop/tbx dropbox team backup device status -start-time "2024-01-01"
```

Note for macOS Catalina 10.15 or above: macOS verifies Developer identity. Currently, `tbx` is not ready for it. Please select "Cancel" on the first dialogue. Then please proceed "System Preference", then open "Security & Privacy", select "General" tab.
You may find the message like:
> "tbx" was blocked from use because it is not from an identified developer.

And you may find the button "Allow Anyway". Please hit the button with your risk. At second run, please hit button "Open" on the dialogue.

## Options:

| Option        | Description                                                                                                       | Default |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `-end-time`   | End date/time of the period to retrieve data for (exclusive). If this is not specified, the current time is used. |         |
| `-peer`       | Account alias                                                                                                     | default |
| `-start-time` | Start date/time of the period to retrieve data for (inclusive).                                                   |         |

## Common options:

| Option             | Description                                                                               | Default              |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `-auth-database`   | Custom path to auth database (default: $HOME/.toolbox/secrets/secrets.db)                 |                      |
| `-auto-open`       | Auto open URL or artifact folder                                                          | false                |
| `-bandwidth-kb`    | Bandwidth limit in K bytes per sec for upload/download content. 0 for unlimited           | 0                    |
| `-budget-memory`   | Memory budget (limits some feature to reduce memory footprint)                            | normal               |
| `-budget-storage`  | Storage budget (limits logs or some feature to reduce storage usage)                      | normal               |
| `-concurrency`     | Maximum concurrency for running operation                                                 | Number of processors |
| `-debug`           | Enable debug mode                                                                         | false                |
| `-experiment`      | Enable experimental feature(s).                                                           |                      |
| `-extra`           | Extra parameter file path                                                                 |                      |
| `-lang`            | Display language                                                                          | auto                 |
| `-output`          | Output format (none/text/markdown/json)                                                   | text                 |
| `-proxy`           | HTTP/HTTPS proxy (hostname:port). Please specify `DIRECT` if you want skip setting proxy. |                      |
| `-quiet`           | Suppress non-error messages, and make output readable by a machine (JSON format)          | false                |
| `-retain-job-data` | Job data retain policy                                                                    | default              |
| `-secure`          | Do not store tokens into a file                                                           | false                |
| `-skip-logging`    | Skip logging in the local storage                                                         | false                |
| `-verbose`         | Show current operations for more detail.                                                  | false                |
| `-workspace`       | Workspace path                                                                            |                      |

# Results

Report file path will be displayed last line of the command line output. If you missed command line output, please see path below. [job-id] will be the date/time of the run. Please see the latest job-id.

| OS      | Path pattern                                | Example                                                |
|---------|---------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| Windows | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\jobs\[job-id]\reports` | C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\jobs\20190909-115959.597\reports |
| macOS   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports`      | /Users/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports   |
| Linux   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports`      | /home/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports    |

## Report: devices

Backup feature status of a device
The command will generate a report in three different formats. `devices.csv`, `devices.json`, and `devices.xlsx`.

| Column                      | Description                 |
|-----------------------------|-----------------------------|
| actor_user_email            | User email                  |
| actor_user_display_name     | User display name           |
| session_info_ip_address     | IP address                  |
| session_info_host_name      | Host name                   |
| session_info_client_type    | Client type                 |
| session_info_client_version | Client version              |
| session_info_platform       | Platform                    |
| timestamp                   | Timestamp of the event      |
| latest_status               | Latest status of the device |

If you run with `-budget-memory low` option, the command will generate only JSON format report.

In case of a report become large, a report in `.xlsx` format will be split into several chunks like follows; `devices_0000.xlsx`, `devices_0001.xlsx`, `devices_0002.xlsx`, ...

# Proxy configuration

The executable automatically detects your proxy configuration from the environment. However, if you got an error or you want to specify explicitly, please add -proxy option, like -proxy hostname:port. Currently, the executable doesn't support proxies which require authentication.

Commit message:

#807 : adding Dropbox backup status commmand

docs/commands/dropbox-team-backup-device-status.md, after:

---
layout: command
title: Command `dropbox team backup device status`
lang: en
---

# dropbox team backup device status

Dropbox Backup device status change in the specified period 

Evaluates and reports the latest status of Dropbox Backup per device session from activity logs for a specified time period. If there is no activity during the specified period, it is reported as the value `no_status_update`.
Multiple device sessions may be displayed in the following cases
* If the Dropbox application has been reinstalled.
* If the Dropbox application has not been unlinked (e.g. you initialized the OS without unlinking the Dropbox application).

in that case, please refer to the report `session_info_updated` to see the most recent report. This command does not automatically make this determination, since it is possible that there may be a session with the same hostname by coincidence.

# Security

`watermint toolbox` stores credentials into the file system. That is located at below path:

| OS      | Path                                                               |
|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Windows | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\secrets` (e.g. C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\secrets) |
| macOS   | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /Users/bob/.toolbox/secrets)        |
| Linux   | `$HOME/.toolbox/secrets` (e.g. /home/bob/.toolbox/secrets)         |

Please do not share those files to anyone including Dropbox support.
You can delete those files after use if you want to remove it. If you want to make sure removal of credentials, revoke application access from setting or the admin console.

Please see below help article for more detail:
* Dropbox for teams: https://help.dropbox.com/installs-integrations/third-party/business-api#manage

## Auth scopes

| Description                                                                                              |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Dropbox for teams: View your team's activity log                                                         |
| Dropbox for teams: View your team membership                                                             |
| Dropbox for teams: View your team's sessions, devices, and apps                                          |
| Dropbox for teams: View basic information about your team including names, user count, and team settings |

# Authorization

For the first run, `tbx` will ask you an authentication with your Dropbox account.
Please copy the link and paste it into your browser. Then proceed to authorization. After authorization, Dropbox will show you an authorization code. Please copy that code and paste it to the `tbx`.
```

watermint toolbox xx.x.xxx
==========================

© 2016-2024 Takayuki Okazaki
Licensed under open source licenses. Use the `license` command for more detail.

1. Visit the URL for the auth dialogue:

https://www.dropbox.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx&response_type=code&state=xxxxxxxx

2. Click 'Allow' (you might have to login first):
3. Copy the authorisation code:
Enter the authorisation code
```

# Installation

Please download the pre-compiled binary from [Latest Release](https://github.com/watermint/toolbox/releases/latest). If you are using Windows, please download the zip file like `tbx-xx.x.xxx-win.zip`. Then, extract the archive and place `tbx.exe` on the Desktop folder. 
The watermint toolbox can run from any path in the system if allowed by the system. But the instruction samples are using the Desktop folder. Please replace the path if you placed the binary other than the Desktop folder.

# Usage

This document uses the Desktop folder for command example.

## Run

Windows:
```
cd $HOME\Desktop
.\tbx.exe dropbox team backup device status -start-time "2024-01-01"
```

macOS, Linux:
```
$HOME/Desktop/tbx dropbox team backup device status -start-time "2024-01-01"
```

Note for macOS Catalina 10.15 or above: macOS verifies Developer identity. Currently, `tbx` is not ready for it. Please select "Cancel" on the first dialogue. Then please proceed "System Preference", then open "Security & Privacy", select "General" tab.
You may find the message like:
> "tbx" was blocked from use because it is not from an identified developer.

And you may find the button "Allow Anyway". Please hit the button with your risk. At second run, please hit button "Open" on the dialogue.

## Options:

| Option        | Description                                                                                                       | Default |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `-end-time`   | End date/time of the period to retrieve data for (exclusive). If this is not specified, the current time is used. |         |
| `-peer`       | Account alias                                                                                                     | default |
| `-start-time` | Start date/time of the period to retrieve data for (inclusive).                                                   |         |

## Common options:

| Option             | Description                                                                               | Default              |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| `-auth-database`   | Custom path to auth database (default: $HOME/.toolbox/secrets/secrets.db)                 |                      |
| `-auto-open`       | Auto open URL or artifact folder                                                          | false                |
| `-bandwidth-kb`    | Bandwidth limit in K bytes per sec for upload/download content. 0 for unlimited           | 0                    |
| `-budget-memory`   | Memory budget (limits some feature to reduce memory footprint)                            | normal               |
| `-budget-storage`  | Storage budget (limits logs or some feature to reduce storage usage)                      | normal               |
| `-concurrency`     | Maximum concurrency for running operation                                                 | Number of processors |
| `-debug`           | Enable debug mode                                                                         | false                |
| `-experiment`      | Enable experimental feature(s).                                                           |                      |
| `-extra`           | Extra parameter file path                                                                 |                      |
| `-lang`            | Display language                                                                          | auto                 |
| `-output`          | Output format (none/text/markdown/json)                                                   | text                 |
| `-proxy`           | HTTP/HTTPS proxy (hostname:port). Please specify `DIRECT` if you want skip setting proxy. |                      |
| `-quiet`           | Suppress non-error messages, and make output readable by a machine (JSON format)          | false                |
| `-retain-job-data` | Job data retain policy                                                                    | default              |
| `-secure`          | Do not store tokens into a file                                                           | false                |
| `-skip-logging`    | Skip logging in the local storage                                                         | false                |
| `-verbose`         | Show current operations for more detail.                                                  | false                |
| `-workspace`       | Workspace path                                                                            |                      |

# Results

Report file path will be displayed last line of the command line output. If you missed command line output, please see path below. [job-id] will be the date/time of the run. Please see the latest job-id.

| OS      | Path pattern                                | Example                                                |
|---------|---------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| Windows | `%HOMEPATH%\.toolbox\jobs\[job-id]\reports` | C:\Users\bob\.toolbox\jobs\20190909-115959.597\reports |
| macOS   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports`      | /Users/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports   |
| Linux   | `$HOME/.toolbox/jobs/[job-id]/reports`      | /home/bob/.toolbox/jobs/20190909-115959.597/reports    |

## Report: devices

Backup feature status of a device
The command will generate a report in three different formats. `devices.csv`, `devices.json`, and `devices.xlsx`.

| Column                      | Description                          |
|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| actor_user_email            | User email                           |
| actor_user_display_name     | User display name                    |
| session_info_ip_address     | IP address                           |
| session_info_host_name      | Host name                            |
| session_info_updated        | Last Date/time of the session update |
| session_info_client_type    | Client type                          |
| session_info_client_version | Client version                       |
| session_info_platform       | Platform                             |
| timestamp                   | Timestamp of the event               |
| latest_status               | Latest status of the device          |

If you run with `-budget-memory low` option, the command will generate only JSON format report.

In case of a report become large, a report in `.xlsx` format will be split into several chunks like follows; `devices_0000.xlsx`, `devices_0001.xlsx`, `devices_0002.xlsx`, ...

# Proxy configuration

The executable automatically detects your proxy configuration from the environment. However, if you got an error or you want to specify explicitly, please add -proxy option, like -proxy hostname:port. Currently, the executable doesn't support proxies which require authentication.
