doc/generated_ja/web.md, before:

# web 

Webコンソールを起動 (実験的)

# Usage

This document uses the Desktop folder for command example. 

## Run

Windows:

```powershell
cd $HOME\Desktop
.\tbx.exe web 
```

macOS, Linux:

```bash
$HOME/Desktop/tbx web 
```

## Options

| オプション | 説明       | デフォルト |
|------------|------------|------------|
| `-port`    | ポート番号 | 7800       |

Common options:

| オプション     | 説明                                                                | デフォルト     |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| `-concurrency` | 指定した並列度で並列処理を行います                                  | プロセッサー数 |
| `-debug`       | デバッグモードを有効にする                                          | false          |
| `-proxy`       | HTTP/HTTPS プロクシ (ホスト名:ポート番号)                           |                |
| `-quiet`       | エラー以外のメッセージを抑制し、出力をJSONLフォーマットに変更します | false          |
| `-secure`      | トークンをファイルに保存しません                                    | false          |
| `-workspace`   | ワークスペースへのパス                                              |                |

## Network configuration: Proxy

The executable automatically detects your proxy configuration from the environment.
However, if you got an error or you want to specify explicitly, please add -proxy option, like -proxy hostname:port.
Currently, the executable doesn't support proxies which require authentication.

Commit message:

fix #188 : instruction note for macOS catalina

doc/generated_ja/web.md, after:

# web 

Webコンソールを起動 (実験的)

# Usage

This document uses the Desktop folder for command example. 

## Run

Windows:

```powershell
cd $HOME\Desktop
.\tbx.exe web 
```

macOS, Linux:

```bash
$HOME/Desktop/tbx web 
```

Note for macOS Catalina 10.15 or above: macOS verifies Developer identity.
Currently, `tbx` is not ready for it. Please select "Cancel" on the first dialogue.
Then please proceed "System Preference", then open "Security & Privacy",
select "General" tab. You may find the message like:

> "tbx" was blocked from use because it is not from an identified developer.

And you may find the button "Allow Anyway". Please hit the button with your risk.
At second run, please hit button "Open" on the dialogue.

## Options

| オプション | 説明       | デフォルト |
|------------|------------|------------|
| `-port`    | ポート番号 | 7800       |

Common options:

| オプション     | 説明                                                                | デフォルト     |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| `-concurrency` | 指定した並列度で並列処理を行います                                  | プロセッサー数 |
| `-debug`       | デバッグモードを有効にする                                          | false          |
| `-proxy`       | HTTP/HTTPS プロクシ (ホスト名:ポート番号)                           |                |
| `-quiet`       | エラー以外のメッセージを抑制し、出力をJSONLフォーマットに変更します | false          |
| `-secure`      | トークンをファイルに保存しません                                    | false          |
| `-workspace`   | ワークスペースへのパス                                              |                |

## Network configuration: Proxy

The executable automatically detects your proxy configuration from the environment.
However, if you got an error or you want to specify explicitly, please add -proxy option, like -proxy hostname:port.
Currently, the executable doesn't support proxies which require authentication.
